Alright. So, you were talking about Hong Kong.
Can you hear me?
okay yeah so and then you're going to go where?
Japan in April? Are you going anything, anywhere in March?
No. I'm doing a lot of traveling too actually this year. So...
I'm going to Japan in a couple of weeks.
I'm going the last week. I'll be there for like just one week.
and then in March I'll be going to East Coast
Yeah, I'm going to New York, Connecticut, and Washington.
Yeah, and then...
No. No. Washington is for, for family.
So my brother is in Connecticut right now. Yeah.
And my, my parents want to go see him, so I have to go, I have to go take them.
Yeah, and then we're gonna be there just, I think just in time for the cherry blossoms.
Like in Washington, so have, have you ever been to Washington DC?
Really?
So it's like a layover or something?
Yeah, So we went there. We're gonna go there but...
Like there's a title there and that's where like the famous like
Washington's cherry blossoms are so it's like a little uh
lake with like all the, all the trees around there so we're gonna go there.
So that's that and then Japan again this summer.
And then Paris in
October. Yeah. Have you been?
No?
That's for family too. Yeah.
My parents want to travel right now. So like when they're able to I thought it'd be a good idea
to like take them when they can, you know.
I mean they're already like if they're out too much like they get tired and stop but
yeah. What... so... ant...
Out of all the places you've been, like what's like the top three? Tell me about your top three.
Aw.
Faroe Island? Where's that?
Wow.
Really?
mmh
Oh, really? Right. Right, right, right.
mmmmmh
mmh
mmm-hmm
Very nice. Is it the place where you took the picture with your yellow raincoats?
Yes, that who is that. That's really cute friend. Aww.
And we're out.
Japan. Okay. Where in Japan though?
I mean
I bet Kyoto is really like photogenic. Right?
Where else have you taken pictures?
Nagano, oh...
Yaw...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right. Right. Right.
mmh
yeah yeah yeah yeah
Very nice.
Kyoto.
mmm-hmm mmm-hmm
Right. Right. Right.
So, right. That's true.
Do you, um...
Like, you said you're going again in April, right? Where's that? Where's that trip?
Tokyo?
mmh
Okay.
Kyoto, just because... that's right.
Where?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very nice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Ferry is like amazing. It's like an overnight ferry. It's really cheap.
It's really big.
How was your your your um Korea trip? Did you like it?
Did you like it? How long were you there?
Two weeks in Korea? Dang!
Yeah. Really?
Very nice.